[DOC] JMAP: support extension (#1434)
linagora/tmail-backend: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/tmail-backend/configure/jmap.adoc

| `calendarEvent.reply.supportedLanguages`
| Optional. Configures the supported languages. Example: `calendarEvent.reply.supportedLanguages=en,fr`

| `support.mail.address`

> | Optional. Configures the support contact mail address. Example: `sypport@my-domain.com`. Cannot be configured at the same time than `support.httpLink`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Optional. Configures the support contact mail address. Example: `support@my-domain.com`. Cannot be configured at the same time as `support.httpLink`.
```

| `support.httpLink`

> | Optional. Configures the support contact HTTP link. Example: `https://my-domain.com/support`. Cannot be configured at the same time than `support.mail.address`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Optional. Configures the support contact HTTP link. Example: `https://my-domain.com/support`. Cannot be configured at the same time as `support.mail.address`.
```
